Ah, yeah I flew in on a plane from Seattle, until I landed in Fort worth, Texas. We were tasked with simply getting some kind of entry point onto their network. All the expenses were paid (ticket, etc) to get there, and we would both recieve 10k in BTC if we did this. When I got this news, I looked over at the other guy and told him about it. 

"I think we have to do it," I said. 
"Why not?" he replied. 

First we attempted to do it all remotely. Unfortunately, this did not work. We tried a hundred different ways to no avail. At that point, we figured our best bet was to go in person, and plant some kind of physical device and connect it to a network jack. But we had to be smart about it. My friend went into another room, and made a call. When he came out, he searched something on the computer, and turned on the ID printer. He printed out an ID, with my face. It had some random tech support company written on it. They had IT guys come from outside, rather than having a physical department in the building. 

"What's that?" I asked. 
"It's an ID card. I fooled the front desk lady, saying I was a lawyer, and needed to know which company they got tech support from. I pretended it was important. She heard me say "lawyer", and immediately told me. This is just a fake ID badge. It probably doesn't match the company's official badge, but they don't usually see it anyway."
"You sly bastard..."

So, the day of that we decided to strike, I wore a nice black and white suit. I put my sunglasses on, and me and my friend drove 3 blocks from the office. I strolled a couple blocks until I was there. I sat down outside, took out a pack of lucky strikes, and started smoking. I quit a while ago, but I just had to chief them for this assignment. It was the only way. 

After sitting outside and smoking for 25 minutes, a big group of suits came by. I stamped the cigarette out, and right when they went through the door, I followed behind them. I blended in perfectly. There were so many, that the security gaurd only asked the guy at the front who they were. When he said, he checked a list, and then let everyone through, including me. Everyone got into the elevator, and I pretended to make a phone call. Then I got in the next elevator. 

I picked floor 5. It seemed like a lucky number. I got up to the floor, and immediately went into the bathroom. I took my jacket off, and left it there. Then, I took my tie off too. I put a lanyard around my neck, with my "IT department badge."

I looked around. Everyone was doing different things. They were all so wrapped up that nobody even noticed a young man who they had never seen before, walking around the office. I saw a woman at the coffee machine. I walked up to her. She was cute. If I worked there I probably would have made friends with her. I felt a little bad for having to hoodwink her like this, but I had an assignment, and I had to do it. 10k was counting on this. 

I smiled at her, and said "Hi, Nick from IT."
She said, "how can I help you?"
"I'm here because I got a ticket about issues with a certain network switch that couldn't be resolved remotely. Could you show me where the network devices are on this floor?" 

She said yes, and showed me where they were. 

I smiled, and said, "thank you. Have a good day."
She giggled and walked off. 

Good lord, did I feel terrible. Regardless, I proceeded with no mercy to this corporation. The day before, we set up a Raspberry pi with an SSH server running on it. Then we used a port forwarding service to allow us to connect to that SSH server from our hotel room. We set it up so that the server runs on startup. After a lot of testing, we were able to successfully SSH into the RPi from my phone over LTE. We placed it in a small elegant case, and slapped a fake "netgear" sticker on it. 

And when I crouched down to look at it, it went right to use. I plugged the RPi power cable in, and then used a small ethernet cable to connect it to the network switch, all of which I kept in my pockets. Not very comfortable. I waited for the lights to all blink and then go solid accordingly, when I got up, and got ready to walk off. I said goodbye to the woman, and told her to call if there were any more problems. Then I retrieved my jacket and such, and left the building. 

Later, my friend logged in from a laptop. It worked. I talked to the people who gave me this assignment over XMPP, and they asked for the login information, which I gave them. There was no answer for 10 minutes. Then both of our phones dinged. When we checked, we both saw an incoming transaction in our BTC wallets. And it said 10k. 

The people who gave me the assignment left the XMPP chat. I never heard from them again. 

- j.f 2018
